libs/EISMessageBus/README.md, before:

# EIS Message Bus
Message bus used between containers inside of EIS. Currently only used between
Video Ingestion and Video Analytics.

## Dependency Installation

To install the dependencies for the message bus execute the following command:

```sh
$ sudo -E ./install.sh
```

## Compilation

To compile the EIS Message Bus library execute the following commands:

```sh
$ mkdir build
$ cd build
$ cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug -DWITH_TESTS=ON -DWITH_EXAMPLES=ON -DWITH_PYTHON=ON ..
$ make
```

> **NOTE:** If CMake raises an error for finding the incorrect Python version,
> then add the following flag to the CMake command:
> `-DPYTHON_EXECUTABLE=/usr/bin/python3`

> **NOTE:** If a change is made to the Python binding and make has already
> been previously ran, then you must run `make clean` before running make
> again to compile the changes in the Python binding. This will need to be
> fixed later.

The `cmake` command above tells the build system to compile in Debug mode with
the unit tests, examples, and the Python binding. All of these flags are
optional and by default none of the extra options above will be included in the
build.

### Go Binding

Since Go does not link to compiled libraries or use pre-installed built packages,
you must add the EIS Message Bus Go binding to your `$GOPATH`. To do this execute
the following command:

```sh
$ ln -s go/EISMessageBus/ $GOPATH/src
```
> **NOTE:** The command above assumes that you are currently in the EISMessageBus root directory.

Before you build any Go binaries which use the EIS Message Bus you must make
sure that three environmental variables are set:

1. `CGO_CFLAGS` - Must be set to the EIS Message Bus C include directory
2. `CGO_LDFLAGS` - Must be set to specify the location of the `libeismsgbus.so` and the link flag for the library
3. `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` - Must be set to include the location of the `libeismsgbus.so`

For example, if the directory with of the EIS Message Bus root source code directory is
set to the variable `$MSGBUS_DIR`, then the following would be the correct
values to set for the environmental variables specified above.

```sh
$ export CGO_CFLAGS="-I$MSGBUS_DIR/include"
$ export CGO_LDFLAGS="-L$MSGBUS_DIR/build -leismsgbus"
$ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:$MSGBUS_DIR/build/
```
> **IMPORTANT NOTE** It is assumed that you have compiled the C library for the EIS
> Message Bus prior to attempting these steps.

Once you have exported these variables, the publisher example could be executed
as follows:

```sh
$ cd go/EISMessageBus/publisher/
$ go run main.go -configFile ../../../../examples/tcp_example_config.json -topic publish_test
```

## Installation

If you wish to install the EIS Message Bus on your system, execute the
following command after building the library:

```sh
$ sudo make install
```

If you specified the `WITH_PYTHON=ON` option when executing CMake, then the
above command will also install the Python module for using the Python binding
for the EIS Message Bus.

## Running Unit Tests

> **NOTE:** The unit tests will only be compiled if the `WITH_TESTS=ON` option
> is specified when running CMake.

Execute one of the following commands from the `build/tests` folder to execute
the message bus unit tests.

```sh
$ ./msgbus-tests
$ ./msg-envelope-tests
$ ./crc32-tests
```

It is important to note that the `msgbus-tests` executable has an extra CLI
option which the other unit test binaries do not have. This option allows for
running the message bus tests to run over TCP rather than the IPC.

To run the message bus tests over TCP, execute the following command:

```sh
$ ./msgbus-tests --tcp
```

## Example Usage

> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** Some of the example configurations contain public/private
> keys for the purpose of show how to use the message bus with security enabled.
> THESE KEYS SHOULD **NEVER** BE USED IN PRODUCTION.

> **NOTE:** The examples will only be compiled if the `WITH_EXAMPLES=ON` option
> is set when CMake is executed during compilation.

All of the examples provided for the EIS Message Bus use a JSON configuration
file to configure the EIS Message Bus. There are several example configurations
provided with the message bus for running in IPC and TCP mode accross the
various different messaging patterns (i.e. Publish/Subscribe and Request/Response).
All of these example configurations are in the `examples/configs/` directory.
However, all of them are copied into the `build/examples/configs/` directory
as well when you build the message bus.

The table below specifies all of the provided example configurations.

|                 Configuration                   |                                     Description                                     |
| :---------------------------------------------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ipc_example_config.json                         | Configuration for IPC based communication. Works with all examples.                 |
| tcp_publisher_no_security.json                  | TCP configuration for publishing with no security.                                  |
| tcp_publisher_with_security_no_auth.json        | TCP configuration for publishing with key based auth without ZAP auth.              |
| tcp_publisher_with_security_with_auth.json      | TCP configuration for publishing with key based auth and ZAP auth.                  |
| tcp_subscriber_no_security.json                 | TCP configuration for subscribing to a topic with no security.                      |
| tcp_subscriber_with_security.json               | TCP configuration for subscribing to a topic with security enabled.                 |
| tcp_service_server_no_security.json             | TCP configuration for a service server side (i.e. `echo-service`) without security. |
| tcp_service_server_with_security_no_auth.json   | TCP configuration for a service server side with key based auth without ZAP auth.   |
| tcp_service_server_with_security_with_auth.json | TCP configuration for a service server side with key based auth and ZAP auth.       |
| tcp_service_client_no_security.json             | TCP configuration for a service client side (i.e. `echo-client`) with no security.  |
| tcp_service_client_with_security.json           | TCP configuration for a service client side with security enabled.                  |

You will notice that for the publisher configurations and service server side
configurations there are 3 configurations each, where as subscribers and service
client side configurations only have 2. This is because for publishers and service
server side applications there are two forms of security to enable: with ZAP authentication,
and no ZAP authentication. In the configurations with ZAP authentication, an
additional configuration value is provided which specifies the list of clients
(i.e. subscribers or service client side connections) which are allowed to connect
to the specified port. This list oporates as a whitelist of allowed client public
keys. If a connection is attempted with a key not in that list, then the connection
is denied.

### C Examples

There are currently 5 C examples:

1. `examples/publisher.c`
2. `examples/subscriber.c`
3. `examples/echo_server.c`
4. `examples/echo_client.c`
5. `examples/publisher_many.c`

All of the C example executables are in the `build/examples/` directory. To run
them, execute the following command:

```sh
$ ./publisher ./configs/ipc_example_config.json
```

> **NOTE:** The `tcp_example_config.json` can also be used in lieu of the IPC
> configuration file.

All of the examples follow the command structure above, i.e.
`<command> <json-config-file>.json`, except for the `publisher_many.c`
example. This example is explained more in-depth in the next section.

#### Publisher Many Example

The `examples/publisher_many.c` example serves as a reference for implementing
an application which contains many publishers. This also serves as a way of
testing this functionality in the EIS Message Bus.

The example can be run with the following command (from the `build/examples/`
directory):

```sh
$ ./publisher-many ./configs/ipc_example_config.json 5
```

In the case above, the example will create 5 publishers where the topic
strings follow the pattern `pub-{0,N-1}` where `N` is the number of publishers
specified through the CLI.

The behavior of how these topics are published depends on if the configuration
is IPC or TCP (i.e. if `type` is set to `zmq_ipc` vs. `zmq_tcp` in the JSON
configuration file).

If IPC communication is being used, then each topic will be a different Unix
socket file in the `socket_dir` directory specified in the configuration.

If TCP communication is being used, then each message will be published over
the `host` and `port` specified under the `zmq_tcp_publish` JSON object in the
configuration.

In order to subscribe to the topics published by this example, use the
`subscriber.c` example. If you are using TCP, then you will need to specify
the topic in your configuration. For example, your JSON configuration will
need to contain the following to subscribe to the `pub-0` topic:

```json
{
    "pub-0": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 5569
    }
```
> **NOTE:** The `host` and `port` are assumed above, they may be different.

In order to simplify the creation of the configuration for subscribing to
topics over TCP, the `gen_tcp_sub_conf.py` helper script is provided. This
Python script will generate a JSON file for you based on your TCP JSON
configuration for the `publisher-many` example which contains all of the
topics specified so you can subscribe to any of them.

This helper script can be ran as follows:

```sh
$ python3.6 ./gen_tcp_sub_conf.py ./configs/tcp_publisher_no_security.json output.json 5
```

The command above uses the `tcp_publisher_no_security.json` for the `publisher-many`
configuration. Then it generates all 5 topics and outputs them into the
`output.json` file.

After generating this configuration, you can use the `subscribe.c` example as
shown below to subscribe to the `pub-1` topic:

```sh
$ ./subscribe output.json pub-1
```

### Python Examples

> **NOTE:** The Python examples will only be present if the `WITH_EXAMPLES=ON`
> and `WITH_PYTHON=ON` flags are set when CMake is executed during compilation.

There are currently 4 Python examples:

1. `python/examples/publisher.py`
2. `python/examples/subscriber.py`
3. `python/examples/echo_server.py`
4. `python/examples/echo_client.py`

To run the Python examples, go to the `build/examples/` directory. Then source
the `source.sh` script that is in the examples directory.

```sh
$ source ./source.sh
```

Then, execute one of the following commands:

```sh
$ python3 ./publisher.py ./configs/ipc_example_config.json
```

> **NOTE:** The `tcp_example_config.json` can also be used in lieu of the IPC
> configuration file.

All of the examples follow the same command structure as the `publisher.py`
script, i.e. `python3 <python-script>.py <json-config-file>.json`.

### Go Examples

**TODO:** Document the execution of the Go binding examples

## Security

> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** Security is only available for TCP communications. If IPC
> is being used, then all access must be controlled using Linux file
> permissions.

> **NOTE:** Example configurations using for enabling security in the examples
> are provided in the `examples` directory.

The ZeroMQ protocol for the EIS Message Bus enables to usage of
[CurveZMQ](http://curvezmq.org/) for encryption and authentication where the
[ZAP](https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec:27/ZAP/) protocol is used for the
authentication.

The ZeroMQ protocol for the message bus allows for using both CurveZMQ and ZAP
together, only CurveZMQ encryption, or no encryption/authentication for TCP
communication.

Enabling the security features is done through the configuration object which
is given to the `msgbus_initialize()` method. The example configurations below
showcase how to use the security features enabled in the message bus. It is
important to note that although the examples below use JSON to convey the
configurations it is not required that you use a JSON configuration for the
message bus. However, utilities are provided in the C library for the EIS
message bus for using a JSON file to configure the bus.

### Using Only CurveZMQ Encryption

If you wish to use the message bus with only CurveZMQ encryption, then you
specify the following keys for the communication types specified in the
sections below.

**IMPORTANT NOTE:** All keys must be Z85 encoded (see ZeroMQ documentation for
more information).

#### Publish/Subscribe

For publications over TCP, the configuration must contain a `server_secret_key`
value which the secret key of the Curve key pair that is Z85 encoded (see
the ZeroMQ documentation for more information).

Additionally, every subscriber configuration object (which is specified under
the key for the topic it is subscribing to) must contain the following three
keys: `server_public_key`, `client_public_key`, and `client_secret_key`.

**Example:**

Below is an example configuration in JSON (note: the keys are not Z85 encoded,
but are more clear text to help the example).

**Publisher Config:**

```json
{
    "type": "zmq_tcp",
    "zmq_tcp_publish": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 3000,
        "server_secret_key": "publishers-secret-key"
    }
}
```

**Subscriber Config:**

```json
{
    "type": "zmq_tcp",
    "pub-sub-topic": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 3000,
        "server_public_key": "publishers-public-key",
        "client_secret_key": "subscriber-secret-key",
        "client_public_key": "subscriber-public-key"
    }
}
```

In the example configurations above, it is assumed that the publisher is
sending messages on the `pub-sub-topic` topic.

#### Request/Response

For every service which is going to accept and respond to requests, there must
exist the `server_secret_key` in the configuration object for the service. The
key for the configuration of the service is its service name.

For every service which is going to issue requests to another service, there
must exist a configuration object for the destination service name which
contains the following three keys: `server_public_key`, `client_public_key`,
and `client_secret_key`.

**Example:**

**Service Config:**

```json
{
    "type": "zmq_tcp",
    "example-service": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 3000,
        "server_secret_key": "service-secret-key"
    }
}
```

**Service Requester Config:**

```json
{
    "type": "zmq_tcp",
    "example-service": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 3000,
        "server_public_key": "service-public-key",
        "client_secret_key": "service-requester-secret_key",
        "client_public_key": "service-requester-public-key"
    }
}
```

In the example above, the service requester will connect to the `example-service`
and issue requests to it on the port: `127.0.0.1:3000`.

### Using ZAP Authentication

To enable ZAP authentication protocol using CurveZMQ on top of the encryption,
then in the configuration specify the key `allowed_clients`. This key must have
a value which is a list of Z85 encoded strings which are the public keys of the
clients which are allowed to connect to the application.

For example, using the publish/subscribe example from before, to make it so
that only the subscriber client can connect to the publisher the publisher's
configuration would be modified to be the following:

```json
{
    "type": "zmq_tcp",
    "allowed_clients": ["subscriber-public-key"],
    "zmq_tcp_publish": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 3000,
        "server_secret_key": "publishers-secret-key"
    }
}
```

### Disabling Security

To disable all encryption and authentication for TCP communication do not
specify any of the configuration keys documented above. This will cause the
message bus to initialize the ZeroMQ protocol without any of the CurveZMQ
security primitives.

Commit message:

libs/EISMessageBus: pkg-config .pc file generation and Go integration
Added generation and installation of `pkg-config` `.pc` file for the EIS Message Bus C library and integrated the use of `pkg-config` into the Go binding for the message bus.

Signed-off-by: kmidkiff <kevin.midkiff@intel.com>

libs/EISMessageBus/README.md, after:

# EIS Message Bus
Message bus used between containers inside of EIS. Currently only used between
Video Ingestion and Video Analytics.

## Dependency Installation

To install the dependencies for the message bus execute the following command:

```sh
$ sudo -E ./install.sh
```

## Compilation

To compile the EIS Message Bus library execute the following commands:

```sh
$ mkdir build
$ cd build
$ cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug -DWITH_TESTS=ON -DWITH_EXAMPLES=ON -DWITH_PYTHON=ON ..
$ make
```

> **NOTE:** If CMake raises an error for finding the incorrect Python version,
> then add the following flag to the CMake command:
> `-DPYTHON_EXECUTABLE=/usr/bin/python3`

> **NOTE:** If a change is made to the Python binding and make has already
> been previously ran, then you must run `make clean` before running make
> again to compile the changes in the Python binding. This will need to be
> fixed later.

The `cmake` command above tells the build system to compile in Debug mode with
the unit tests, examples, and the Python binding. All of these flags are
optional and by default none of the extra options above will be included in the
build.

### Go Binding

> **IMPORTANT NOTE** It is assumed that you have compiled the C library for
> the EIS Message Bus prior to attempting these steps.

Since Go does not link to compiled libraries or use pre-installed built packages,
you must add the EIS Message Bus Go binding to your `$GOPATH`. To do this execute
the following command:

```sh
$ ln -s go/EISMessageBus/ $GOPATH/src
```
> **NOTE:** The command above assumes that you are currently in the
> EISMessageBus root directory.

If you have installed the EIS Message Bus library using the `sudo make install`
command, then Go will not have any issues linking to the installed version of
the EIS Message Bus C library.

However, if you are developing a new feature for the message bus and do not
want to install the EIS Message Bus on your system, then you can export the
following two environmental variables to get around installing the library.

```sh
$ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:$MSGBUS_DIR/build
$ export PKG_CONFIG_PATH=$PKG_CONFIG_PATH:$MSGBUS_DIR/build
```

Note that in the `export` commands above the `$MSGBUS_DIR` variable represents
the absolute path to the `libs/EISMessageBus` directory. It is very important
that this is the absolute path.

Once you have exported these variables, the publisher example could be executed
as follows:

```sh
$ cd go/EISMessageBus/publisher/
$ go run main.go -configFile ../../../../examples/tcp_example_config.json -topic publish_test
```

## Installation

If you wish to install the EIS Message Bus on your system, execute the
following command after building the library:

```sh
$ sudo make install
```

If you specified the `WITH_PYTHON=ON` option when executing CMake, then the
above command will also install the Python module for using the Python binding
for the EIS Message Bus.

## Running Unit Tests

> **NOTE:** The unit tests will only be compiled if the `WITH_TESTS=ON` option
> is specified when running CMake.

Execute one of the following commands from the `build/tests` folder to execute
the message bus unit tests.

```sh
$ ./msgbus-tests
$ ./msg-envelope-tests
$ ./crc32-tests
```

It is important to note that the `msgbus-tests` executable has an extra CLI
option which the other unit test binaries do not have. This option allows for
running the message bus tests to run over TCP rather than the IPC.

To run the message bus tests over TCP, execute the following command:

```sh
$ ./msgbus-tests --tcp
```

## Example Usage

> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** Some of the example configurations contain public/private
> keys for the purpose of show how to use the message bus with security enabled.
> THESE KEYS SHOULD **NEVER** BE USED IN PRODUCTION.

> **NOTE:** The examples will only be compiled if the `WITH_EXAMPLES=ON` option
> is set when CMake is executed during compilation.

All of the examples provided for the EIS Message Bus use a JSON configuration
file to configure the EIS Message Bus. There are several example configurations
provided with the message bus for running in IPC and TCP mode accross the
various different messaging patterns (i.e. Publish/Subscribe and Request/Response).
All of these example configurations are in the `examples/configs/` directory.
However, all of them are copied into the `build/examples/configs/` directory
as well when you build the message bus.

The table below specifies all of the provided example configurations.

|                 Configuration                   |                                     Description                                     |
| :---------------------------------------------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ipc_example_config.json                         | Configuration for IPC based communication. Works with all examples.                 |
| tcp_publisher_no_security.json                  | TCP configuration for publishing with no security.                                  |
| tcp_publisher_with_security_no_auth.json        | TCP configuration for publishing with key based auth without ZAP auth.              |
| tcp_publisher_with_security_with_auth.json      | TCP configuration for publishing with key based auth and ZAP auth.                  |
| tcp_subscriber_no_security.json                 | TCP configuration for subscribing to a topic with no security.                      |
| tcp_subscriber_with_security.json               | TCP configuration for subscribing to a topic with security enabled.                 |
| tcp_service_server_no_security.json             | TCP configuration for a service server side (i.e. `echo-service`) without security. |
| tcp_service_server_with_security_no_auth.json   | TCP configuration for a service server side with key based auth without ZAP auth.   |
| tcp_service_server_with_security_with_auth.json | TCP configuration for a service server side with key based auth and ZAP auth.       |
| tcp_service_client_no_security.json             | TCP configuration for a service client side (i.e. `echo-client`) with no security.  |
| tcp_service_client_with_security.json           | TCP configuration for a service client side with security enabled.                  |

You will notice that for the publisher configurations and service server side
configurations there are 3 configurations each, where as subscribers and service
client side configurations only have 2. This is because for publishers and service
server side applications there are two forms of security to enable: with ZAP authentication,
and no ZAP authentication. In the configurations with ZAP authentication, an
additional configuration value is provided which specifies the list of clients
(i.e. subscribers or service client side connections) which are allowed to connect
to the specified port. This list oporates as a whitelist of allowed client public
keys. If a connection is attempted with a key not in that list, then the connection
is denied.

### C Examples

There are currently 5 C examples:

1. `examples/publisher.c`
2. `examples/subscriber.c`
3. `examples/echo_server.c`
4. `examples/echo_client.c`
5. `examples/publisher_many.c`

All of the C example executables are in the `build/examples/` directory. To run
them, execute the following command:

```sh
$ ./publisher ./configs/ipc_example_config.json
```

> **NOTE:** The `tcp_example_config.json` can also be used in lieu of the IPC
> configuration file.

All of the examples follow the command structure above, i.e.
`<command> <json-config-file>.json`, except for the `publisher_many.c`
example. This example is explained more in-depth in the next section.

#### Publisher Many Example

The `examples/publisher_many.c` example serves as a reference for implementing
an application which contains many publishers. This also serves as a way of
testing this functionality in the EIS Message Bus.

The example can be run with the following command (from the `build/examples/`
directory):

```sh
$ ./publisher-many ./configs/ipc_example_config.json 5
```

In the case above, the example will create 5 publishers where the topic
strings follow the pattern `pub-{0,N-1}` where `N` is the number of publishers
specified through the CLI.

The behavior of how these topics are published depends on if the configuration
is IPC or TCP (i.e. if `type` is set to `zmq_ipc` vs. `zmq_tcp` in the JSON
configuration file).

If IPC communication is being used, then each topic will be a different Unix
socket file in the `socket_dir` directory specified in the configuration.

If TCP communication is being used, then each message will be published over
the `host` and `port` specified under the `zmq_tcp_publish` JSON object in the
configuration.

In order to subscribe to the topics published by this example, use the
`subscriber.c` example. If you are using TCP, then you will need to specify
the topic in your configuration. For example, your JSON configuration will
need to contain the following to subscribe to the `pub-0` topic:

```json
{
    "pub-0": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 5569
    }
```
> **NOTE:** The `host` and `port` are assumed above, they may be different.

In order to simplify the creation of the configuration for subscribing to
topics over TCP, the `gen_tcp_sub_conf.py` helper script is provided. This
Python script will generate a JSON file for you based on your TCP JSON
configuration for the `publisher-many` example which contains all of the
topics specified so you can subscribe to any of them.

This helper script can be ran as follows:

```sh
$ python3.6 ./gen_tcp_sub_conf.py ./configs/tcp_publisher_no_security.json output.json 5
```

The command above uses the `tcp_publisher_no_security.json` for the `publisher-many`
configuration. Then it generates all 5 topics and outputs them into the
`output.json` file.

After generating this configuration, you can use the `subscribe.c` example as
shown below to subscribe to the `pub-1` topic:

```sh
$ ./subscribe output.json pub-1
```

### Python Examples

> **NOTE:** The Python examples will only be present if the `WITH_EXAMPLES=ON`
> and `WITH_PYTHON=ON` flags are set when CMake is executed during compilation.

There are currently 4 Python examples:

1. `python/examples/publisher.py`
2. `python/examples/subscriber.py`
3. `python/examples/echo_server.py`
4. `python/examples/echo_client.py`

To run the Python examples, go to the `build/examples/` directory. Then source
the `source.sh` script that is in the examples directory.

```sh
$ source ./source.sh
```

Then, execute one of the following commands:

```sh
$ python3 ./publisher.py ./configs/ipc_example_config.json
```

> **NOTE:** The `tcp_example_config.json` can also be used in lieu of the IPC
> configuration file.

All of the examples follow the same command structure as the `publisher.py`
script, i.e. `python3 <python-script>.py <json-config-file>.json`.

### Go Examples

**TODO:** Document the execution of the Go binding examples

## Security

> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** Security is only available for TCP communications. If IPC
> is being used, then all access must be controlled using Linux file
> permissions.

> **NOTE:** Example configurations using for enabling security in the examples
> are provided in the `examples` directory.

The ZeroMQ protocol for the EIS Message Bus enables to usage of
[CurveZMQ](http://curvezmq.org/) for encryption and authentication where the
[ZAP](https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec:27/ZAP/) protocol is used for the
authentication.

The ZeroMQ protocol for the message bus allows for using both CurveZMQ and ZAP
together, only CurveZMQ encryption, or no encryption/authentication for TCP
communication.

Enabling the security features is done through the configuration object which
is given to the `msgbus_initialize()` method. The example configurations below
showcase how to use the security features enabled in the message bus. It is
important to note that although the examples below use JSON to convey the
configurations it is not required that you use a JSON configuration for the
message bus. However, utilities are provided in the C library for the EIS
message bus for using a JSON file to configure the bus.

### Using Only CurveZMQ Encryption

If you wish to use the message bus with only CurveZMQ encryption, then you
specify the following keys for the communication types specified in the
sections below.

**IMPORTANT NOTE:** All keys must be Z85 encoded (see ZeroMQ documentation for
more information).

#### Publish/Subscribe

For publications over TCP, the configuration must contain a `server_secret_key`
value which the secret key of the Curve key pair that is Z85 encoded (see
the ZeroMQ documentation for more information).

Additionally, every subscriber configuration object (which is specified under
the key for the topic it is subscribing to) must contain the following three
keys: `server_public_key`, `client_public_key`, and `client_secret_key`.

**Example:**

Below is an example configuration in JSON (note: the keys are not Z85 encoded,
but are more clear text to help the example).

**Publisher Config:**

```json
{
    "type": "zmq_tcp",
    "zmq_tcp_publish": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 3000,
        "server_secret_key": "publishers-secret-key"
    }
}
```

**Subscriber Config:**

```json
{
    "type": "zmq_tcp",
    "pub-sub-topic": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 3000,
        "server_public_key": "publishers-public-key",
        "client_secret_key": "subscriber-secret-key",
        "client_public_key": "subscriber-public-key"
    }
}
```

In the example configurations above, it is assumed that the publisher is
sending messages on the `pub-sub-topic` topic.

#### Request/Response

For every service which is going to accept and respond to requests, there must
exist the `server_secret_key` in the configuration object for the service. The
key for the configuration of the service is its service name.

For every service which is going to issue requests to another service, there
must exist a configuration object for the destination service name which
contains the following three keys: `server_public_key`, `client_public_key`,
and `client_secret_key`.

**Example:**

**Service Config:**

```json
{
    "type": "zmq_tcp",
    "example-service": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 3000,
        "server_secret_key": "service-secret-key"
    }
}
```

**Service Requester Config:**

```json
{
    "type": "zmq_tcp",
    "example-service": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 3000,
        "server_public_key": "service-public-key",
        "client_secret_key": "service-requester-secret_key",
        "client_public_key": "service-requester-public-key"
    }
}
```

In the example above, the service requester will connect to the `example-service`
and issue requests to it on the port: `127.0.0.1:3000`.

### Using ZAP Authentication

To enable ZAP authentication protocol using CurveZMQ on top of the encryption,
then in the configuration specify the key `allowed_clients`. This key must have
a value which is a list of Z85 encoded strings which are the public keys of the
clients which are allowed to connect to the application.

For example, using the publish/subscribe example from before, to make it so
that only the subscriber client can connect to the publisher the publisher's
configuration would be modified to be the following:

```json
{
    "type": "zmq_tcp",
    "allowed_clients": ["subscriber-public-key"],
    "zmq_tcp_publish": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 3000,
        "server_secret_key": "publishers-secret-key"
    }
}
```

### Disabling Security

To disable all encryption and authentication for TCP communication do not
specify any of the configuration keys documented above. This will cause the
message bus to initialize the ZeroMQ protocol without any of the CurveZMQ
security primitives.
