README_fpga.md, before:

# `OpenVINO FPGA toolkit installation and configuration setup guide`

**Pre-requisites**:

   * Please download and install OpenVINO FPGA toolkit version 2020.4(`OPENVINO_IMAGE_VERSION` used in [build/.env](build/.env)) using below links.
   * OpenVINO FPGA toolkit installation guide: https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/2020.4/_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_linux_fpga.html
   * FPGA configuration setup guide: https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/2020.4/_docs_install_guides_VisionAcceleratorFPGA_Configure.html

* Download and install Intel Quartus Software lite version.
   * URL: [Click here to download the Quartus Software](https://fpgasoftware.intel.com/18.1/?edition=lite&platform=linux)
   * Scroll down and select Additional Software tab then click on Stand-Alone Software download icon.
   * Change the permission of the package to be executable
     ```sh
     $ chmod +x QuartusProgrammerSetup-18.1.0.625-linux.run
     ```
   * Execute the following command to install Quartus:
     ```sh
     $ sudo ./QuartusProgrammerSetup-18.1.0.625-linux.run
     ```
    **Note**: While Installing Quartus give the installation directory as /opt/intel/intelFPGA/18.1.

* The FPGA plugin works in heterogenous mode, so the device type in UDFs to be used would be `"HETERO:FPGA,CPU"` or `"HETERO:FPGA,GPU"`. For more details, refer: https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/2020.4/_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_FPGA.html

## Connection and Installing FPGA drivers

1. Connect the FPGA card onto the target machine in PCI-E slot.
   * Check if the host system recognizes the Intel® Vision Accelerator Design with Intel® Arria® 10 FPGA board. Confirm you can detect the PCIe card.

      ```
      $ lspci | grep -i Altera
      ```
    Your output is similar to "01:00.0 Processing accelerators: Altera Corporation Device 2494 (rev 01)"

2. To setup FPGA drivers on host machine please refer the guide: [Click here for FPGA driver setup guide](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/2020.4/_docs_install_guides_VisionAcceleratorFPGA_Configure.html)

Commit message:

README_fpga.md: Added FPGA not validated note
Updated the README.md to point out that the FPGA plugin inference is not
 validated due to device unavailability 9Intel® Arria® 10 FPGA
(Speed Grade 2) or the Intel® Programmable Acceleration Card with
Intel® Arria® 10 GX FPGA

Signed-off-by: Vinod K B <vinod.k.b@intel.com>

README_fpga.md, after:

# `OpenVINO FPGA toolkit installation and configuration setup guide`

> **NOTE**:
> In EIS, The FPGA plugin inference is not been validated with openVINO FPGA toolkit version 2020.4
> due to the required FPGA card(Intel® Arria® 10 FPGA (Speed Grade 2) or the Intel® Programmable Acceleration Card with
> Intel® Arria® 10 GX FPGA) unavailability.

**Pre-requisites**:

   * Please download and install OpenVINO FPGA toolkit version 2020.4(`OPENVINO_IMAGE_VERSION` used in [build/.env](build/.env)) using below links.
   * OpenVINO FPGA toolkit installation guide: https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/2020.4/_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_linux_fpga.html
   * FPGA configuration setup guide: https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/2020.4/_docs_install_guides_VisionAcceleratorFPGA_Configure.html

* Download and install Intel Quartus Software lite version.
   * URL: [Click here to download the Quartus Software](https://fpgasoftware.intel.com/18.1/?edition=lite&platform=linux)
   * Scroll down and select Additional Software tab then click on Stand-Alone Software download icon.
   * Change the permission of the package to be executable
     ```sh
     $ chmod +x QuartusProgrammerSetup-18.1.0.625-linux.run
     ```
   * Execute the following command to install Quartus:
     ```sh
     $ sudo ./QuartusProgrammerSetup-18.1.0.625-linux.run
     ```
    **Note**: While Installing Quartus give the installation directory as /opt/intel/intelFPGA/18.1.

* The FPGA plugin works in heterogenous mode, so the device type in UDFs to be used would be `"HETERO:FPGA,CPU"` or `"HETERO:FPGA,GPU"`. For more details, refer: https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/2020.4/_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_FPGA.html

## Connection and Installing FPGA drivers

1. Connect the FPGA card onto the target machine in PCI-E slot.
   * Check if the host system recognizes the Intel® Vision Accelerator Design with Intel® Arria® 10 FPGA board. Confirm you can detect the PCIe card.

      ```
      $ lspci | grep -i Altera
      ```
    Your output is similar to "01:00.0 Processing accelerators: Altera Corporation Device 2494 (rev 01)"

2. To setup FPGA drivers on host machine please refer the guide: [Click here for FPGA driver setup guide](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/2020.4/_docs_install_guides_VisionAcceleratorFPGA_Configure.html)
