VisualHmiClient/README.md, before:

# VisualHMIClient Module:

VisualHMIClient is a datasync app which takes classifier results and posts the same to VisualHmi Server.

VisualHMI starts subscribing on databus topic (`classifier_results`) to get the classifier results from the databus server. Based on the Classifier results, VisualHMICLient converts the data to VisualHMI standard as a json and post the data to VisualHMI REST API endpoint.

Also, VisualHMIClient gets the image blob from the gRPC interface `GetBlob(imgHandle)` from DataAgent module and persist the image in VisualHMI local filesystem.

> **Note**:
> * VisualHMI runs only on Python2.7 as our OPCUA Databus Client have support for python2.7 only at present.

## Pre-requisites:

* Please make sure that the below libraries availability. (either in `ElephantTrunkArch` or yourfolder)
  * DataBusAbstraction Library  (files under `DataBusAbstraction/py` in our `ElephantTrunkArch` repo)
  * GRPC Client wrapper (`client.py` and protobuff files:

**VisualHMIClient Can be run two Modes**
    * 1. Production Mode - Docker Based Containers
    * 2. BareMetal Setup - For Development Machines

## Setting Up VisualHMI in EdgeServer - Production Mode

* Login as root User `sudo su`

* Clone or Copy `ElephantTrunkArch` Src under `/root/` Directory

* Configure Databus & VisualHMI Server Details
  ```sh
    vi /root/ElephantTrunkArch/VisualHMIClient/config.json
  ```
  Change the Databus Host & Port Details.
  **(Your ETA running machine IP & Opcua Port)**

> **NOTE**:
  If the ETA is running on a node behind a coporate network/proxy server, please set IP address      of the node in the no_proxy/NO_PROXY env variable on the system where you are executing VisualHmiClient app so that the communication doesn't go via the proxy server.
  Eg. `export no_proxy=$no_proxy,<ETA node IP address>`
  If this is not set, one would into gRPC errors like `StatusCode.UNAVIALABLE`      

## Steps to run VisualHMI (RefinementApp) module

* Running VisualHMI in production mode as Docker Container:
    * Installing & Starting Docker Daemon Service in CentOS
      ```sh
        sudo yum install docker-ce
        sudo systemctl enable docker
        sudo systemctl start docker
      ```
      > **Note**:
      > Set DockerDaemon & Container Proxy if required.
      > Please Refer ElephantTrunkArch/docker_setup/README.md for Proxy configuration

    * Building Docker Container

        * Go to `/root/ElephantTrunkArch`  Directory. **From ElephantTrunkArch dir follow below Steps**

        ```sh
          docker build -f VisualHmiClient/Dockerfile -t visual_hmi .
        ```
    * Running VisualHmiEtaDataSync App as Container
        ```sh
          docker run -v /root/ElephantTrunkArch/Certificates:/eta/VisualHmiClient/Certificates -v /root/ElephantTrunkArch/VisualHmiClient/config.json:/eta/VisualHmiClient/config.json -v /root/saved_images:/root/saved_images --privileged=true --network host --name visualhmi -itd --restart always visual_hmi
        ```
        > **Note**:
        Please add --env no_proxy=localhost,<ETA_RUNNING_MACHINE_IP_ADDRESS> before --restart always for running Behind Proxy Env
        > Please make sure you have given required information in config.json
        > Don't change mounted volumes directory. If you want to change make sure config.json also updated
        > Docker run will consider the local config.json as in VisualHmiClient/config.json
        > Please make sure your config.json is updated
        > If you want to change the config.json again No need to build again. As the host /root/ElephantTrunkArch/VisualHMIClient/config.json is mounted to docker container.

    * Stopping VisualHmi Container.
    ```sh
      docker stop visualhmi
    ```
    * Restarting VisualHmi Container.
    ```sh
      docker restart visualhmi
    ```
    * For VisualHmiContainer Logs
    ```sh
      docker logs -f visualhmi
    ```
> **Note**:
> `VisualHmiEtaDataSync` setup Ends by here.
> End of Setup.


> **Note**:
> Below Execution is not Recommnedded for Production Scenario:

## Setting Up VisualHMI in Development EdgeServer - BareMetal Setup

* Set your `PYTHONPATH` based on where libraries are placed
    For Eg:
    If the pwd is `ElephantTrunkArch` and it is under home which /root/:
    	export PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:~/ElephantTrunkArch:ElephantTrunkArch/DataBusAbstraction/py/:ElephantTrunkArch/DataAgent/da_grpc/protobuff
    else:
    	set your `PYTHONPATH` appropriately
* Install VisualHmiClient dependencies:

  ```sh
    pip2.7 install -r requirements.txt
  ```

* Running VisualHMI on Host (BareMetal - Not Recommnedded for Factory):
  ```sh
    python2.7 VisualHmiEtaDataSync.py -local <path to store image locally>
  ```

* Running VisualHMI without HMI Backend (For Testing)

  ```sh
    python2.7 VisualHmiEtaDataSync.py -local <path to store image locally>
  ```

> **Note**:
> Currently VisualHMI cannot be exited directly. Please use following command to terminate the VisualHMI App

```sh
  ps -ef | grep VisualHmiEtaDataSync.py | grep -v grep | awk {'print$2'} | xargs kill
```

>**Removing All Images Data from VisualHmi**
>Remove All Stored Images

  ```sh
    rm -r ~/saved_images/*
  ```
>Get into Postgre Db Console

  ```sh
    psql ali ali
  ```
>Execute Below Commands Inside Postgre Console

  ```sh
    DELETE FROM defect *;
    DELETE FROM image *;
    DELETE FROM part *;
  ```
  > **Note**:
  > The Removing Images Part is advised if you are doing pre-production Mode Validation.
  > Typically the above Scenario should not be handled. As it deletes all the Images.

Commit message:

DataBusAbstraction: Enabling open62541 based opcua data bus in ETA (#81)
* DataBusAbstraction: Enabling open62541 based opcua data bus in ETA

1. Integrated c open62541 wrapper APIs with DataBusAbstraction
2. Integrated go open62541 wrapper APIs with StreamManager
3. Changed opcua port from 65003 to 4840 as we wont be running CFSDK any
   longer
4. Added license info to all C files

Signed-off-by: Vinod K B <vinod.k.b@intel.com>

VisualHmiClient/README.md, after:

# VisualHMIClient Module:

VisualHMIClient is a datasync app which takes classifier results and posts the same to VisualHmi Server.

VisualHMI starts subscribing on databus topic (`classifier_results`) to get the classifier results from the databus server. Based on the Classifier results, VisualHMICLient converts the data to VisualHMI standard as a json and post the data to VisualHMI REST API endpoint.

Also, VisualHMIClient gets the image blob from the gRPC interface `GetBlob(imgHandle)` from DataAgent module and persist the image in VisualHMI local filesystem.

> **Note**:
> * VisualHMI runs only on python3.6 as our OPCUA Databus Client have support for python3.6 only at present.

## Pre-requisites:

* Please make sure that the below libraries availability. (either in `ElephantTrunkArch` or yourfolder)
  * DataBusAbstraction Library  (files under `DataBusAbstraction/py` in our `ElephantTrunkArch` repo)
  * GRPC Client wrapper (`client.py` and protobuff files:
  * For using python DatabusAbstraction py library, run the below steps:
    ```sh
    cd <repo>/DataBusAbstraction/py/test
    make build
    ```
    This generates `open62541W.so` in `<repo>/DataBusAbstraction/py/test` folder and also copies the same to `<repo>/DataBusAbstraction/py`.
    This is very much needed for all opcua clients who use python DataBusAbstraction APIs

**VisualHMIClient Can be run two Modes**
    * 1. Production Mode - Docker Based Containers
    * 2. BareMetal Setup - For Development Machines

## Setting Up VisualHMI in EdgeServer - Production Mode

* Login as root User `sudo su`

* Clone or Copy `ElephantTrunkArch` Src under `/root/` Directory

* Configure Databus & VisualHMI Server Details
  ```sh
    vi /root/ElephantTrunkArch/VisualHMIClient/config.json
  ```
  Change the Databus Host & Port Details.
  **(Your ETA running machine IP & Opcua Port)**

> **NOTE**:
  If the ETA is running on a node behind a coporate network/proxy server, please set IP address      of the node in the no_proxy/NO_PROXY env variable on the system where you are executing VisualHmiClient app so that the communication doesn't go via the proxy server.
  Eg. `export no_proxy=$no_proxy,<ETA node IP address>`
  If this is not set, one would into gRPC errors like `StatusCode.UNAVIALABLE`      

## Steps to run VisualHMI (RefinementApp) module

* Running VisualHMI in production mode as Docker Container:
    * Installing & Starting Docker Daemon Service in CentOS
      ```sh
        sudo yum install docker-ce
        sudo systemctl enable docker
        sudo systemctl start docker
      ```
      > **Note**:
      > Set DockerDaemon & Container Proxy if required.
      > Please Refer ElephantTrunkArch/docker_setup/README.md for Proxy configuration

    * Building Docker Container

        * Go to `/root/ElephantTrunkArch`  Directory. **From ElephantTrunkArch dir follow below Steps**

        ```sh
          docker build -f VisualHmiClient/Dockerfile -t visual_hmi .
        ```
    * Running VisualHmiEtaDataSync App as Container
        ```sh
          docker run -v /root/ElephantTrunkArch/Certificates:/eta/VisualHmiClient/Certificates -v /root/ElephantTrunkArch/VisualHmiClient/config.json:/eta/VisualHmiClient/config.json -v /root/saved_images:/root/saved_images --privileged=true --network host --name visualhmi -itd --restart always visual_hmi
        ```
        > **Note**:
        Please add --env no_proxy=localhost,<ETA_RUNNING_MACHINE_IP_ADDRESS> before --restart always for running Behind Proxy Env
        > Please make sure you have given required information in config.json
        > Don't change mounted volumes directory. If you want to change make sure config.json also updated
        > Docker run will consider the local config.json as in VisualHmiClient/config.json
        > Please make sure your config.json is updated
        > If you want to change the config.json again No need to build again. As the host /root/ElephantTrunkArch/VisualHMIClient/config.json is mounted to docker container.

    * Stopping VisualHmi Container.
    ```sh
      docker stop visualhmi
    ```
    * Restarting VisualHmi Container.
    ```sh
      docker restart visualhmi
    ```
    * For VisualHmiContainer Logs
    ```sh
      docker logs -f visualhmi
    ```
> **Note**:
> `VisualHmiEtaDataSync` setup Ends by here.
> End of Setup.


> **Note**:
> Below Execution is not Recommnedded for Production Scenario:

## Setting Up VisualHMI in Development EdgeServer - BareMetal Setup

* Set your `PYTHONPATH` based on where libraries are placed
    For Eg:
    If the pwd is `ElephantTrunkArch` and it is under home which /root/:
    	export PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:~/ElephantTrunkArch:ElephantTrunkArch/DataBusAbstraction/py/:ElephantTrunkArch/DataAgent/da_grpc/protobuff
    else:
    	set your `PYTHONPATH` appropriately
* Install VisualHmiClient dependencies:

  ```sh
    pip3.6 install -r requirements.txt
  ```

* Running VisualHMI on Host (BareMetal - Not Recommnedded for Factory):
  ```sh
    python3.6 VisualHmiEtaDataSync.py -local <path to store image locally>
  ```

* Running VisualHMI without HMI Backend (For Testing)

  ```sh
    python3.6 VisualHmiEtaDataSync.py -local <path to store image locally>
  ```

> **Note**:
> Currently VisualHMI cannot be exited directly. Please use following command to terminate the VisualHMI App

```sh
  ps -ef | grep VisualHmiEtaDataSync.py | grep -v grep | awk {'print$2'} | xargs kill
```

>**Removing All Images Data from VisualHmi**
>Remove All Stored Images

  ```sh
    rm -r ~/saved_images/*
  ```
>Get into Postgre Db Console

  ```sh
    psql ali ali
  ```
>Execute Below Commands Inside Postgre Console

  ```sh
    DELETE FROM defect *;
    DELETE FROM image *;
    DELETE FROM part *;
  ```
  > **Note**:
  > The Removing Images Part is advised if you are doing pre-production Mode Validation.
  > Typically the above Scenario should not be handled. As it deletes all the Images.
