docker_setup/remote_logging/README.md, before:

EIS distributed services centralized logging using ELK
1. The EIS centralized logging architecture can be visualized as eis-containers--->rsyslog--->logstash--->elasticsearch--->kibana

2. eis-containers logs has to be forwarded to the rsyslog, running onto the local system. 
   For that, the eis-container's logging driver need to be syslog. 
   Anyone wants to forward the eis-container's log to the local rsyslog has to modify the file named '/etc/docker/daemon.json'.
   The sample 'daemon.json' is availale in the directory.
   After the modification of 'daemon.json' docker daemon has to be restarted using the below command
   'sudo systemctl restart docker'

3. rsyslog has to forward the received logs from containers to logstash.
   The file named 'eis.conf' has to be copyied into the directory name '/etc/rsyslog.d/'
   After copying this file, the rsyslog service need to restarted using the below command
   'sudo systemctl restart rsyslog'.
   For more information on the rsyslog, plase refer [https://www.rsyslog.com/plugins/](https://www.rsyslog.com/plugins/)

4. To start ELK containers Please follow below commands
   ```
   $sudo sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144
   
   #To start in dev mode elk.yml can be used.
   $docker-compose -f elk.yml up -d
   
   #To start in prod mode elk_prod.yml can be used.
   $docker-compose -f elk_prod.yml up -d
   
   ```
   Pleas visit [https://localhost:5601](https://localhost:5601) for viewing the logs in KIBANA.
   Note: The certificate attached to kibana is self signed and has to be accepted in
   browser as an exception. The attached certificates are sample certificcates only and need to
   be replaced for production environment.

Commit message:

docker_setup: Changes for secure communication between docker and rsyslog
1. README.md changes
2. Sample configuration for docker
3. Sample configuration for rsyslog

Signed-off-by: Yuvaraj Patil <yuvarajx.patil@intel.com>

docker_setup/remote_logging/README.md, after:

EIS distributed services centralized logging using ELK
1. The EIS centralized logging architecture can be visualized as eis-containers--->rsyslog--->logstash--->elasticsearch--->kibana

2. eis-containers logs has to be forwarded to the rsyslog, running onto the local system. 
   For that, the eis-container's logging driver need to be syslog. 
   Anyone wants to forward the eis-container's log to the local rsyslog has to modify the file named '/etc/docker/daemon.json'.
   The sample 'daemon.json' is availale in the directory.
   After the modification of 'daemon.json' docker daemon has to be restarted using the below command
   'sudo systemctl restart docker'

   In case of sending the logs over a secure channel from docker daemon to rsyslog, please refer the 'daemon.json.secure'.
   In this sample configuration, please replace 
   CA_CERT_PATH : CA certificate path
   DOCKER_CERT_PATH : Docker certificate path
   DOCKER_KEY_PATH : Docker key path

3. rsyslog has to forward the received logs from containers to logstash.
   The file named 'eis.conf' has to be copyied into the directory name '/etc/rsyslog.d/'
   After copying this file, the rsyslog service need to restarted using the below command
   'sudo systemctl restart rsyslog'.
   For more information on the rsyslog, plase refer [https://www.rsyslog.com/plugins/](https://www.rsyslog.com/plugins/)

   In case of receiving the logs from docker over the secure channel, please refer the sample config file 'eis.conf.secure'
   In this sample configuration, please replace 
   CA_CERT_PATH : CA certificate path
   DOCKER_CERT_PATH : Docker certificate path
   DOCKER_KEY_PATH : Docker key path
      
4. To start ELK containers Please follow below commands
   ```
   $sudo sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144
   
   #To start in dev mode elk.yml can be used.
   $docker-compose -f elk.yml up -d
   
   #To start in prod mode elk_prod.yml can be used.
   $docker-compose -f elk_prod.yml up -d
   
   ```
   Pleas visit [https://localhost:5601](https://localhost:5601) for viewing the logs in KIBANA.
   Note: The certificate attached to kibana is self signed and has to be accepted in
   browser as an exception. The attached certificates are sample certificcates only and need to
   be replaced for production environment.
