common/libs/EIIMsgEnv/README.md, before:

# EII Message Envelope

EII Message Envelope is a C library providing APIs to build the message envelope
structure that will be put onto the EII Message Bus. This library will be used
by EII Utils and EII Message Bus libraries.

## Compilation

The EII Message Envelope utilizes CMake as the build tool for compiling the C
library. The simplest sequence of commands for building the library are
shown below.

```sh
$ mkdir build
$ cd build
$ cmake ..
$ make
```

If you wish to compile the EII Message Envelope in debug mode, then you can set
the `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to `Debug` when executing the `cmake` command (as shown
below).

```sh
$ cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ..
```

## Installation

> **NOTE:** This is a mandatory step to use this library in EII Utils and
> EII Message Bus libraries

If you wish to install the EII Message Envelope on your system, execute the
following command after building the library:

```sh
$ sudo make install
```

By default, this command will install the EII Message Envelope C library into
`/usr/local/lib/`. On some platforms this is not included in the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`
by default. As a result, you must add this directory to you `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`,
otherwise you will encounter issues using the EII Message Bus. This can
be accomplished with the following `export`:

```sh
$ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:/usr/local/lib/
```
> **NOTE:** You can also specify a different library prefix to CMake through
> the `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` flag.

## Running Unit Tests

> **NOTE:** The unit tests will only be compiled if the `WITH_TESTS=ON` option
> is specified when running CMake.

Run the following commands from the `build/tests` folder to cover the unit
tests.

```sh
$ ./msg-envelope-tests
$ ./crc32-tests
```

## Known issues

Due to certain limitations imposed by cJSON, there is no proper distinction
between an integer and a floating point in EIIMsgEnv. As a result of this limitation,
the floating point values defined as whole numbers(1.0, 50.00 etc) are always deserialized
as integers(1, 50 etc).

The workaround for this limitation in the C APIs is to check for the type of
`msg_envelope_elem_body_t` struct before accessing the respective type's data. One such example
is provided below:

```c
msg_envelope_elem_body_t* data;
msgbus_ret_t ret = msgbus_msg_envelope_get(msg, "key", &data);
if (ret != MSG_SUCCESS) {
    LOG_ERROR_0("Failed to retreive message");
}
if (data->type == MSG_ENV_DT_INT) {
    LOG_INFO("Received integer: %d", data->body.integer);
} else if (data->type == MSG_ENV_DT_FLOATING) {
    LOG_INFO("Received float: %f", data->body.floating);
}
```

Commit message:

common: Added librariry's installation path to the include_directories of their cmake file. Also, Updated README's of each libraries with the installation path.
Signed-off-by: sagartp <sagar.tp@intel.com>

common/libs/EIIMsgEnv/README.md, after:

# EII Message Envelope

EII Message Envelope is a C library providing APIs to build the message envelope
structure that will be put onto the EII Message Bus. This library will be used
by EII Utils and EII Message Bus libraries.

## Compilation

The EII Message Envelope utilizes CMake as the build tool for compiling the C
library.


CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX needs to be set for the build and installation:

```sh
    $ export CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX="/opt/intel/eii"
```

The simplest sequence of commands for building the library are
shown below.

```sh
$ mkdir build
$ cd build
$ cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_INCLUDEDIR=$CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX/include -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=$CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX ..
$ make
```

If you wish to compile the EII Message Envelope in debug mode, then you can set
the `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to `Debug` when executing the `cmake` command (as shown
below).

```sh
$ cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ..
```

## Installation

> **NOTE:** This is a mandatory step to use this library in EII Utils and
> EII Message Bus libraries

If you wish to install the EII Message Envelope on your system, execute the
following command after building the library:

```sh
$ sudo make install
```

By default, this command will install the EII Message Envelope C library into
`/opt/intel/eii/lib/`. On some platforms this is not included in the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`
by default. As a result, you must add this directory to you `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`,
otherwise you will encounter issues using the EII Message Bus. This can
be accomplished with the following `export`:

```sh
$ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:/opt/intel/eii/lib/
```
> **NOTE:** You can also specify a different library prefix to CMake through
> the `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` flag. If different installation path is given via `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX`, then `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH` should be appended by $CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX/lib.

## Running Unit Tests

> **NOTE:** The unit tests will only be compiled if the `WITH_TESTS=ON` option
> is specified when running CMake.

Run the following commands from the `build/tests` folder to cover the unit
tests.

```sh
$ ./msg-envelope-tests
$ ./crc32-tests
```

## Known issues

Due to certain limitations imposed by cJSON, there is no proper distinction
between an integer and a floating point in EIIMsgEnv. As a result of this limitation,
the floating point values defined as whole numbers(1.0, 50.00 etc) are always deserialized
as integers(1, 50 etc).

The workaround for this limitation in the C APIs is to check for the type of
`msg_envelope_elem_body_t` struct before accessing the respective type's data. One such example
is provided below:

```c
msg_envelope_elem_body_t* data;
msgbus_ret_t ret = msgbus_msg_envelope_get(msg, "key", &data);
if (ret != MSG_SUCCESS) {
    LOG_ERROR_0("Failed to retreive message");
}
if (data->type == MSG_ENV_DT_INT) {
    LOG_INFO("Received integer: %d", data->body.integer);
} else if (data->type == MSG_ENV_DT_FLOATING) {
    LOG_INFO("Received float: %f", data->body.floating);
}
```
