common/libs/ConfigManager/README.md, before:

# ConfigManager

ConfigManager provides go/py APIs for distributed key-value store like `etcd` to read EIS related config details.

# Python APIs

1. **get_config_client(storage_type, config)**
        
   ```
   Returns config manager client based on storage_type
   
   :param storage_type: Type of key-value storage, Eg. etcd
   :param config: config of type Dict with certFile, keyFile and trustFile
   ```

To refer Python examples on etcd client wrapper follow [python/etcd/test](python/etcd/test)

# Go APIs

1. **Init(storageType string, config map[string]string)**
        
    ```
    Initializes config manager and returns config manager client instance by calling 
    GetConfigClient API, With the client instance, respective storage_type apis can be called
    
    :param storage_type: Type of key-value storage, Eg. etcd
    :param config: config of type Dict with certFile, keyFile and trustFile
    ```

2. **GetConfigClient(storageType string, conf map[string]string)**
        
    ```
    Returns config manager client based on storage_type
    
    :param storage_type: Type of key-value storage, Eg. etcd
    :param config: config of type Dict with certFile, keyFile and trustFile
    ```
        
To refer GO examples on etcd client wrapper follow [go/test](go/test)

# C APIs

To refer C API documentation, follow [c/README.md](c/README.md)

Commit message:

ConfigManager: Add write api, provide write permission only to [AppName]/datastore
1. Added put_config api in go/c/py
2. Included put_config api in unit tests, examples and README
3. Added check on init call of config manager client object in examples
4. Moved python/etcd/test folder to python/test

Signed-off-by: vka <varalakshmi.ka@intel.com>

common/libs/ConfigManager/README.md, after:

# ConfigManager

ConfigManager provides go/py APIs for distributed key-value store like `etcd` to read EIS related config details.

# Python APIs

1. **get_config_client(storage_type, config)**
        
   ```
   Returns config manager client based on storage_type
   
   :param storage_type: Type of key-value storage, Eg. etcd
   :param config: config of type Dict with certFile, keyFile and trustFile
   ```

To refer Python examples on etcd client wrapper follow [python/test](python/test)

# Go APIs

1. **Init(storageType string, config map[string]string)**
        
    ```
    Initializes config manager and returns config manager client instance by calling 
    GetConfigClient API, With the client instance, respective storage_type apis can be called
    
    :param storage_type: Type of key-value storage, Eg. etcd
    :param config: config of type Dict with certFile, keyFile and trustFile
    :return config manager client if creation of client is successful, nil on failure
    ```

2. **GetConfigClient(storageType string, conf map[string]string)**
        
    ```
    Returns config manager client based on storage_type
    
    :param storage_type: Type of key-value storage, Eg. etcd
    :param config: config of type Dict with certFile, keyFile and trustFile
    ```
        
To refer GO examples on etcd client wrapper follow [go/test](go/test)

# C APIs

To refer C API documentation, follow [c/README.md](c/README.md)
