build/remote_logging/README.md, before:

EIS distributed services centralized logging using ELK
1. The EIS centralized logging architecture can be visualized as eis-containers--->rsyslog--->logstash--->elasticsearch--->kibana

2. The eis-containers logs has to be forwarded to the rsyslog, running onto the local system. 
   For that, the eis-container's logging driver need to be syslog. 
   Anyone wants to forward the eis-container's log to the local rsyslog has to modify the file named '/etc/docker/daemon.json'.
   The sample 'daemon.json' is availale in the directory.
   After the modification of 'daemon.json' docker daemon has to be restarted using the below command

   ```sh
   $ sudo systemctl restart docker

   ```
   In case of sending the logs over a secure channel from docker daemon to rsyslog, please refer the 'daemon.json.secure'.
   In this sample configuration, please replace 
   CA_CERT_PATH : CA certificate path
   DOCKER_CERT_PATH : Docker certificate path
   DOCKER_KEY_PATH : Docker key path

3. The rsyslog has to forward the received logs from containers to logstash.
   The file named 'eis.conf' has to be copyied into the directory name '/etc/rsyslog.d/'
   After copying this file, install rsyslog module using the below command(The rsyslog module
   installation is one time activity).
   ```sh
   $ sudo apt-get install rsyslog-gnutls

   ```

   Then rsyslog service need to restarted using the below command
   ```sh
   $ sudo systemctl restart rsyslog

   ```
   For more information on the rsyslog,please refer [https://www.rsyslog.com/plugins/](https://www.rsyslog.com/plugins/)

   In case of receiving the logs from docker over the secure channel, please refer the sample config file 'eis.conf.secure'
   In this sample configuration, please replace 
   CA_CERT_PATH : CA certificate path
   DOCKER_CERT_PATH : Docker certificate path
   DOCKER_KEY_PATH : Docker key path
   If case of docker daemon sending logs to remote rsyslog agent, then replace '127.0.0.1' (address="127.0.0.1") with the
   actual IP address of the machine where rsyslog is running.

4. To start ELK containers Please follow below commands
   ```sh
   $ sudo sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144

   ```

   To start in dev mode, elk.yml can be used.
   ```sh
   $ docker-compose -f elk.yml up -d

   ```

   To start in prod mode, elk_prod.yml can be used.
   ```sh
   $ docker-compose -f elk_prod.yml up -d

   ```

   Pleas visit [https://localhost:5601](https://localhost:5601) for viewing the logs in KIBANA.
   Note:
  > **NOTE**: The certificate attached to kibana is self signed and has to be accepted in
  > browser as an exception. The attached certificates are sample certificates only and need to
  > be replaced for production environment.

5. After above 4 steps, please start/restart the EIS services.

Commit message:

remote_logging: Upadted README to access kibana UI on externa machines(IAPOC9-4575)
Changes:
1. Added additional step required in the NOTE section.

Signed-off-by: kadamkux <kundanx.kadam@intel.com>

build/remote_logging/README.md, after:

EIS distributed services centralized logging using ELK
1. The EIS centralized logging architecture can be visualized as eis-containers--->rsyslog--->logstash--->elasticsearch--->kibana

2. The eis-containers logs has to be forwarded to the rsyslog, running onto the local system. 
   For that, the eis-container's logging driver need to be syslog. 
   Anyone wants to forward the eis-container's log to the local rsyslog has to modify the file named '/etc/docker/daemon.json'.
   The sample 'daemon.json' is availale in the directory.
   After the modification of 'daemon.json' docker daemon has to be restarted using the below command

   ```sh
   $ sudo systemctl restart docker

   ```
   In case of sending the logs over a secure channel from docker daemon to rsyslog, please refer the 'daemon.json.secure'.
   In this sample configuration, please replace 
   CA_CERT_PATH : CA certificate path
   DOCKER_CERT_PATH : Docker certificate path
   DOCKER_KEY_PATH : Docker key path

3. The rsyslog has to forward the received logs from containers to logstash.
   The file named 'eis.conf' has to be copyied into the directory name '/etc/rsyslog.d/'
   After copying this file, install rsyslog module using the below command(The rsyslog module
   installation is one time activity).
   ```sh
   $ sudo apt-get install rsyslog-gnutls

   ```

   Then rsyslog service need to restarted using the below command
   ```sh
   $ sudo systemctl restart rsyslog

   ```
   For more information on the rsyslog,please refer [https://www.rsyslog.com/plugins/](https://www.rsyslog.com/plugins/)

   In case of receiving the logs from docker over the secure channel, please refer the sample config file 'eis.conf.secure'
   In this sample configuration, please replace 
   CA_CERT_PATH : CA certificate path
   DOCKER_CERT_PATH : Docker certificate path
   DOCKER_KEY_PATH : Docker key path
   If case of docker daemon sending logs to remote rsyslog agent, then replace '127.0.0.1' (address="127.0.0.1") with the
   actual IP address of the machine where rsyslog is running.

4. To start ELK containers Please follow below commands
   ```sh
   $ sudo sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144

   ```

   To start in dev mode, elk.yml can be used.
   ```sh
   $ docker-compose -f elk.yml up -d

   ```

   To start in prod mode, elk_prod.yml can be used.
   ```sh
   $ docker-compose -f elk_prod.yml up -d

   ```

   Pleas visit [https://localhost:5601](https://localhost:5601) for viewing the logs in KIBANA.
   Note:
  > **NOTE**: The certificate attached to kibana is self signed and has to be accepted in
  > browser as an exception. The attached certificates are sample certificates only and need to
  > be replaced for production environment.

  > To access Kibana UI in external machines, replace 'localhost' in [.env](./env) with the
  > actual IP address of the machine where kibana is running.

5. After above 4 steps, please start/restart the EIS services.
