# Docker setup of ETA solution:

## Pre-requisities:
1. Have the Go dev env setup on your host machine. Refer **README.md** to have it setup if not done already.
1. Install latest docker cli/docker daemon by following [this](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/#install-docker-ce). Follow **Install using the repository** and **Install Docker CE** sections there. Also, follow the manage docker as a non-root user section at [post install](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/) to run docker without sudo
2. Configure proxy settings for docker client to connect to internet and for containers to access internet by following [this](https://docs.docker.com/network/proxy/).If you still see issues of not being able to access internet from container, please update the /etc/resolv.conf
on your host system with the following content:
```
# Dynamic resolv.conf(5) file for glibc resolver(3) generated by resolvconf(8)
#     DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE BY HAND -- YOUR CHANGES WILL BE OVERWRITTEN
nameserver 10.248.2.1
nameserver 10.223.45.36
nameserver 172.30.90.4
search iind.intel.com
```
3. Configure proxy settings for docker daemon by following the steps at [this](https://docs.docker.com/config/daemon/systemd/#httphttps-proxy)
4. Since we are using host network namespace for containers, please make sure that individual processes/modules of ETA are stopped on host system. If they are running, the containers will fail to launch as the ports are already in use. To see if a specific port is in use, one can use this cmd:
**sudo fuser <port>/tcp** - it will tell the process ID using it.
5. Run all the docker scripts from $GOPATH/src/<youriapocrepofolder>/docker_setup/scripts

## Steps to setup ETA solution on dev system

### Run dependency images
    ```
    sudo -E env "PATH=$PATH" ./run_dependency_images.sh
    ```
    > Note: To check if all the dependency containers are running, use cmd: **docker ps** 
### Build ETA images
    ```
    sudo -E env "PATH=$PATH" ./build_eta_images.sh
    ```
    > Note: To check if all the ETA images are built successfully, use cmd: **docker images|grep ia** 
### Run ETA images
    ```
    sudo -E env "PATH=$PATH" ./run_eta_images.sh
    ```
    > Note: To check if all the eta containers are running, use cmd: **docker ps** 
## Steps to setup ETA solution on factory system

**Pre-requisite:**
    Have the ETA images stored as tarballs from dev system
    ```
    sudo -E env "PATH=$PATH" ./deploy/save_eta_images.sh
    ```
### Load ETA images (Input here is the ETA images tarballs)
    ```
    sudo -E env "PATH=$PATH" ./deploy/load_eta_images.sh
    ```
### Run dependency images
    ```
    sudo -E env "PATH=$PATH" ./run_dependency_images.sh
    ```
### Run ETA images
    ```
    sudo -E env "PATH=$PATH" ./run_eta_images.sh
    ```

> Note:
> 1. ETA containers are: DataAgent(ia_data_agent), Video Ingestion(ia_video_ingestion), Classifier(ia_data_analytics) and NATS client
> 2. Dependency containers are: Influxdb(influx_cont), Redis(redis_cont), nats (nats_cont), postgres(postgres_cont), mosquitto (mosquitto_cont)
> 3. Few useful docker commands:
>   a. **docker ps** - check running containers
>   b. **docker ps -a** - check running and stopped containers
>   c. **docker stop $(docker ps -a -q)** - stops all the containers
>   d. **docker rm $(docker ps -a -q)** - removes all the containers. Useful when you run into issue of already container is in use.
> 4. If you want to run the docker images, just do **sudo source init.sh** script on the terminal and then copy & run the individual **docker run** container commands with **-it** switch instead of **-d** to get to see the entrypoint program output inside the container.
> 4. **Known issues as of now**: 
>    a. Logs of container may not be fully available at /var/lib/eta/logs location for few containers like ia_data_analytics_cont.
>       Best way to check logs is to use command: **docker logs <contname>**
>    b. In dockerized environment, it is observed that more points are received by kapacitor from influxdb