common/util/c/README.md, before:

# EII Utils

EII Utils is a C library providing commonly used APIs across the C/C++ EII modules, EII Message Bus and Config Manager libraries.

## Dependency Installation

The EIIUtils depends on CMake version 3.11+. For Ubuntu 18.04 this is not
the default version installed via `apt-get`. To install the correct version
of CMake, execute the following commands:

```sh
# Remove old CMake version
$ sudo apt -y purge cmake
$ sudo apt -y autoremove

# Download CMake
$ wget https://cmake.org/files/v3.15/cmake-3.15.0-Linux-x86_64.sh

# Installation CMake
$ sudo mkdir /opt/cmake
$ sudo cmake-3.15.0-Linux-x86_64.sh --prefix=/opt/cmake --skip-license

# Make the command available to all users
$ sudo update-alternatives --install /usr/bin/cmake cmake /opt/cmake/bin/cmake 1 --force
```

To install the remaining dependencies for the EIIUtils execute the following
command:

```sh
$ sudo -E ./install.sh
```

Additionally, EIIUtils depends on the below libraries. Follow their documentation to install them.
* [IntelSafeString](../../libs/IntelSafeString/README.md)
* [EIIMsgEnv](../../libs/EIIMsgEnv/README.md)


## Compilation

The EII Utils utilizes CMake as the build tool for compiling the C
library. The simplest sequence of commands for building the library are
shown below.

```sh
$ mkdir build
$ cd build
$ cmake ..
$ make
```

If you wish to compile the EII Utils in debug mode, then you can set
the `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to `Debug` when executing the `cmake` command (as shown
below).

```sh
$ cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ..
```

## Installation

> **NOTE:** This is a mandatory step to use this library in
> C/C++ EII modules and EII Message Bus library.

If you wish to install the EII Utils on your system, execute the
following command after building the library:

```sh
$ sudo make install
```

By default, this command will install the EII Utils C library into
`/usr/local/lib/`. On some platforms this is not included in the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`
by default. As a result, you must add this directory to you `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`.
This can be accomplished with the following `export`:

```sh
$ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:/usr/local/lib/
```

> **NOTE:** You can also specify a different library prefix to CMake through
> the `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` flag.

## Running Unit Tests

> **NOTE:** The unit tests will only be compiled if the `WITH_TESTS=ON` option
> is specified when running CMake.

Run the following commands from the `build/tests` folder to cover the unit
tests.

```sh
$ ./config-tests
$ ./frame-tests
$ ./log-tests
$ ./thp-tests
$ ./tsp-tests
```

Commit message:

common: Added librariry's installation path to the include_directories of their cmake file. Also, Updated README's of each libraries with the installation path.
Signed-off-by: sagartp <sagar.tp@intel.com>

common/util/c/README.md, after:

# EII Utils

EII Utils is a C library providing commonly used APIs across the C/C++ EII modules, EII Message Bus and Config Manager libraries.

## Dependency Installation

The EIIUtils depends on CMake version 3.11+. For Ubuntu 18.04 this is not
the default version installed via `apt-get`. To install the correct version
of CMake, execute the following commands:

```sh
# Remove old CMake version
$ sudo apt -y purge cmake
$ sudo apt -y autoremove

# Download CMake
$ wget https://cmake.org/files/v3.15/cmake-3.15.0-Linux-x86_64.sh

# Installation CMake
$ sudo mkdir /opt/cmake
$ sudo cmake-3.15.0-Linux-x86_64.sh --prefix=/opt/cmake --skip-license

# Make the command available to all users
$ sudo update-alternatives --install /usr/bin/cmake cmake /opt/cmake/bin/cmake 1 --force
```

To install the remaining dependencies for the EIIUtils execute the following
command:

```sh
$ sudo -E ./install.sh
```

Additionally, EIIUtils depends on the below libraries. Follow their documentation to install them.
* [IntelSafeString](../../libs/IntelSafeString/README.md)
* [EIIMsgEnv](../../libs/EIIMsgEnv/README.md)


## Compilation

The EII Utils utilizes CMake as the build tool for compiling the C
library. 

CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX needs to be set for the build and installation:

```sh
    $ export CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX="/opt/intel/eii"
```

The simplest sequence of commands for building the library are
shown below.

```sh
$ mkdir build
$ cd build
$ cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_INCLUDEDIR=$CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX/include -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=$CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX ..
$ make
```

If you wish to compile the EII Utils in debug mode, then you can set
the `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to `Debug` when executing the `cmake` command (as shown
below).

```sh
$ cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_INCLUDEDIR=$CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX/include -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=$CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ..
```

## Installation

> **NOTE:** This is a mandatory step to use this library in
> C/C++ EII modules and EII Message Bus library.

If you wish to install the EII Utils on your system, execute the
following command after building the library:

```sh
$ sudo make install
```

By default, this command will install the EII Utils C library into
`/opt/intel/eii/lib/`. On some platforms this is not included in the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`
by default. As a result, you must add this directory to you `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`.
This can be accomplished with the following `export`:

```sh
$ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:/opt/intel/eii/lib/
```

> **NOTE:** You can also specify a different library prefix to CMake through
> the `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` flag. If different installation path is given via `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX`, then `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH` should be appended by $CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX/lib.

## Running Unit Tests

> **NOTE:** The unit tests will only be compiled if the `WITH_TESTS=ON` option
> is specified when running CMake.

Run the following commands from the `build/tests` folder to cover the unit
tests.

```sh
$ ./config-tests
$ ./frame-tests
$ ./log-tests
$ ./thp-tests
$ ./tsp-tests
```
